---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: Why People Should Question The World More
category: inspiration
tags: [ 'Inspiration' ]
---

There will be many days when I will be talking to my father about a launch about to happen for SpaceX or about how there is a Supermoon coming up and to no surprise the response usually comes with that's cool with a nice shrug of the shoulders as he continues to watch the Lakers lose once again. Typical. Don’t get me wrong I love the Lakers but it physically pains me when I see people not questioning the world around them and appreciating this one life they are given.

My friend when asked a question that doesn’t have an easy answer will respond to it with, “ I don’t know why are we on this Earth.” This is a very valid question when you think about gravity and how we have explored less than FIVE percent of the ocean doesn’t that just blow your mind away. What else could possibly be lurking down there? We definitely know there a bottom of the the ocean floor but what lies in between is what is unexplored.

Don’t ever get stuck with accepting things how they are, if you ever find yourself just going through stages. Stop, Drop and Roll. Just Kidding. In all seriousness go outside and take a hike, call up a buddy and have a nice genuine chat, talk to an grandparent about their history. You will be so amazed at what you can find in this place we call Earth.

Don’t get stuck in life, find something you like doing and push yourself to be the best. YES, it takes a lot of time to achieve some goal. YES, it will suck sometimes. If you learn to question things you will learn so much more in life and have a fulfilling life to live. Also you will be a the friend that knows all the cool facts which will make you look like a total rockstar. I mean am I right or am I wrong.

“Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
It matters that you don't just give up.”
-Stephen Hawking






In Loving memory of a great and irreplaceable soul Stephen Hawking. May you be at peace in the galaxy of your dreams.
